So were you successful? Let's build it together.
These are the assets you got, the css files for the foundation grid I'm using and my own css file for the
styles I'll use throughout this project here.
Then I got the index.html file with obviously the html code and now it's time to add a
script, we could it inline here at the end of this or simply add a new script file.
So I'll add a new app.js file which of course I need to import in my index.html file
down here,
so here I'll import script source equals app.js. With this,
I can now write my app here in the app.js file
and for writing this, of course we have to consider which features do we have.
Well if we have a look at the application, we get our health bars so we certainly need to control the
health of each player,
so it probably makes sense to kind of yeah have two properties for that,
we conditionally then want to change the style depending on that health and we want to output it as
a number, as text here.
We also got these buttons here for which we need some methods to execute when we click on them, to start
a new game and to have our special things we can do here like attack, special attack, heal and give up.
And then we might need some additional functions, for example to render or to simulate the monster attack
turn, to generate a random number, to add a turn to this
log we're outputting down there which we as a side note also need to store in some kind of array
and yuah, this looks like the things we will need for this.
Now I want to start simple by setting up the player health and outputting it there and adding a conditional
style depending on the player health,
so that later on when we add functions to change this, we can directly see this being reflected in our
application. To execute this application,
you can simply double click on the index.html file and execute it in the browser like this.
Now this is not how it will look in the end, this is just without any javascript code added to it, later
in of course, we will have more complex setups where we use a little development server to host our application
on the local machine
but right now, we don't need that and can work with this perfectly fine.
So let's dive into that.